ensure that `productionPack` uses posix paths in `package.json` on all OSes (#17132)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/sour-buttons-collect.md

---
'@backstage/cli': patch
---

> ensure that `productionPack` uses posix paths in `package.json` on all OSes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the `package prepack` command and backend bundling uses posix paths in `package.json` on all OSes.
```
